Xu Shaojie said slowly
Our super factory and international
The two major projects of the mine have been successively
After destruction
All the investors have withdrawn
And set off a chain reaction in the financial world
Now our bank's stock has fallen by the limit
What!
You two
Is it true what I said just 10 minutes ago?
Yes, yes, it makes me so beautiful
What!
The crisis in our Lu family broke out and went bankrupt
The family ancestral hall of the Lu family was bombed
God is going to kill my lobster
You're kind of right.
Boss, what if you guess right?
What if his Lu family goes bankrupt?
As long as Xiao Tianzi is there
The Lu family can always get back on their feet
Make a comeback
eliminate
It's Xiao Shihao's general
Come on, who allowed you Zhihu to hijack the road?
Your grandfather asked me for business advice
You're still playing anti-mud
You said it well, Xiao Shao
As long as my grandfather is still alive
Then the pillar of my Lu family will not be him.
My Lu family will not collapse
That's right, it's been a big deal for so many years
Our grandparents have broken through
Bankrupt
What is it?
Set sail again
Support for sales
We will persevere for a lifetime
What a pity.
You don't have time
Fart me early
Grandpa, what's the matter with you?
Don't scare my grandpa
Ah!
Grandpa grandpa
Grandpa, look at what happened to my grandfather
Grandpa